# How to contribute

We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project.

## Before you begin

### Sign our Contributor License Agreement

Contributions to this project must be accompanied by a
[Contributor License Agreement](https://cla.developers.google.com/about) (CLA).
You (or your employer) retain the copyright to your contribution; this simply
gives us permission to use and redistribute your contributions as part of the
project.

If you or your current employer have already signed the Google CLA (even if it
was for a different project), you probably don't need to do it again.

Visit <https://cla.developers.google.com/> to see your current agreements or to
sign a new one.

### Review our community guidelines

This project follows
[Google's Open Source Community Guidelines](https://opensource.google/conduct/).

## Contribution process

### Code reviews

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult
[GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more
information on using pull requests.

# Basic setup
You'll need a runner compatible with hooks, a repository with container workflows to which you can register the runner and the hooks from this repository.



## Getting Started
- Run ` npm install && npm run bootstrap` to setup your environment and install all the needed packages
- Run `npm run lint` and `npm run format` to ensure your charges will pass CI
- Run `npm run build-all` to build and test end to end.


## E2E
- You'll need a runner compatible with hooks, a repository with container workflows to which you can register the runner and the hooks from this repository.
- See [the runner contributing.md](../../github/CONTRIBUTING.MD) for how to get started with runner development.
- Build your hook using `npm run build`
- Enable the hooks by setting `ACTIONS_RUNNER_CONTAINER_HOOKS=./packages/{libraryname}/dist/index.js` file generated by [ncc](https://github.com/vercel/ncc)
- Configure your self hosted runner against the a repository you have admin access
- Run a workflow with a container job, for example
```
name: myjob
on:
  workflow_dispatch:
jobs:
  my_job:
    runs-on: self-hosted
    services:
      redis:
        image: redis
    container:
      image: alpine:3.15
      options: --cpus 1
    steps:
      - run: pwd
```
